bpo-39075: types.SimpleNamespace no longer sorts attributes in its repr (#19430)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-04-07-23-44-06.bpo-39075.hgck3j.rst

> :class:`types.SimpleNamespace` no longer sorts the attributes in its repr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repr for :class:`types.SimpleNamespace` is now insertion ordered rather than alphabetical.
```
